Add docs for bluetooth proxy (#2247)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/bluetooth_proxy.rst

Bluetooth Proxy
===============

.. seo::
    :description: Instructions for setting up the Bluetooth Proxy in ESPHome.
    :image: bluetooth.svg

Home Assistant can expand it's Bluetooth reach by communicating through

> Bluetooth proxy devices. Place your Bluetooth proxies close to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Bluetooth proxy component in ESPHome. Place your ESPHome devices close to the
```

Bluetooth devices that you want to interact with for the best
experience.

> 

Reviewer: Let's also link to https://esphome.github.io/bluetooth-proxies/
